Create 2023-08-02- Making-Waves-Overseas.md (#261)
subnero1/subnero1.github.io: _posts/2023-08-02-Making-Waves-Overseas.md

---
layout: post
title: Making Waves Overseas
banner : images/banner-careers.jpg
date:  2023-08-02
categories: wnc
thumbnail: images/pulse-thumbnail-overseas.jpg
---

> We are thrilled to share an extraordinary milestone for Subnero's cutting-edge SWIS-ADCP solution! Our esteemed partner, [SeaBreath](https://www.sea-breath.com/), alongside Nortek Japan and Marine Works Japan teams, achieved resounding success during a remarkable demonstration of SWIS-ADCP to their esteemed clients in Japan. The feedback received on its performance and reliability has been overwhelmingly positive, highlighting the power and versatility of our state-of-the-art technology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are thrilled to share a significant milestone for Subnero's cutting-edge SWIS-ADCP solution! Our esteemed partner, [SeaBreath](https://www.sea-breath.com/), alongside Nortek Japan and Marine Works Japan teams, achieved resounding success during a demonstration of SWIS-ADCP to their esteemed clients in Japan. The feedback received on its performance and reliability has been overwhelmingly positive, highlighting the power and versatility of our state-of-the-art technology.
```
I think it would be good to avoid the terms "extraordinary" and "remarkable" which indicate that these activities are extremely or exceptionally good. As much as the demo was important to us and successful, I understand that things can still be improved from it, and I believe there will be future demos to come from our other partners. I would also save these terms for bigger milestones or successes for Subnero in the future.
